they are all you from iphone also service
from these very working hands who he is
who is francesco ciao francesco ultimo
right school day last I would like
returning home finally says home
on the home sweet home if I did from here
liberation to test yours ifs
acquired and no quality we go to see
what is this then this had a
battery problem there will be a new one
from serial of the battery of the mat
homeland died deceased who died
so it's not meanwhile we put them
new battery itself plus there was a
problem on the power button that can not
therefore to the quadricycles reviews have
all the circuit changed all the
flex everything all by yourself
mamma mia so bhatti rome is the
it works I talk about cigars maybe we see
if it is charged it will charge the battery
a little down because new with ours
true charge the charge is what the
francesco bravo then you say some
small advertising
the company is in padua padova is called
campus but because the marine lives rom and if
I'm not mistaken, it's like an iphone
assist to organize them again with a
nice franchise iphone axes smart companion
has me a little smart aquapendente
we are therefore like in the center of Padua
center of athens are behind the
I recommend you hospitals
because a good willing guy
prepared beyond that you remember
the other that shelters from fleas in 45
faults remember he had a program
to which it was lit.
no so she changed what you things
on the train and the right tender diode was there
they complimented and came here
little to the customer as the hand said e
this and francesco look at it values ​​that
one day this is the last player
as before in the sense that he did not understand
that you were my husband but maybe but that
then from what was done in the turn of
francesco is a lot of low agathe though
would gladly go back to being a woman though of
come back as soon as possible
oh well also for the mater to find yourself
then a greeting to all the two plates
moles
a salute to all your loved ones the bas
wife ivana yes 2 no right but at least
two wives two dogs yes no
I was talking about dogs ok thanks to all of you
to do if by Francesco ciao